Who made trouble at my birthday party?
Madam Li
You came just in time.
This is Ouyan.
He is bold
shameless
He not only impersonated the identity of a daughter
He also stole Mr. Li as his daughter
Ready Ocean Star
Manual never seen
Have I really been deceived by the Bai family?
Yes, Mrs. Li
Everyone saw it
It was the dialect that stole the heart of the ocean
This is what I snatched from him
Madam Li
We were just about to
Do it for you
Clean up this shameless woman
And this man
He's privately celebrating your life in the euro
The two of them were in this together.
The pain of picking
So what are you going to do with them?
Your old lady
Madam Li
He not only pretended to be Li Jia's daughter
Also steal
Then of course we have to arrest him
Give it a good education.
Then take it to the police station
Let him get the punishment he deserves
I heard that he is the adopted daughter of your Bai family.
This little girl's family
Sent to prison for a few years
If you don't die, you have to peel off the skin
You are willing to make mistakes for him.
Should be punished
Although we feel sorry for him
But we still understand this big truth
I just hope Mrs. Li
Don't blame him for the mistakes he made alone
And take your anger to our Bai family
Yes, Mrs. Li
Mr. Li before
Promise to give us 1 billion family name
It was all cancelled because of this euro
Our Bai family has never done anything to the Li family
Something bad
Please check it out.
What about our Bai family?
I have been looking forward to cooperating with the donkey family
Don't worry, what about our Bai family?
I will definitely redouble my efforts.
Let's get bigger away from home
Good idea.
Somebody catch them